[core-rest-pipeline] Run release script (#27479)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-rest-pipeline/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.12.2 (2023-10-23)

### Bugs Fixed
- Support Cloudflare workers by only setting the available fields in the `Request` class for the Fetch API. [PR #27423](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/27423)
- Add `ENOTFOUND` code to exponential retry policy. [PR #27437](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/27437)

> - Clean up the `abortListener` signal only after the stream response bodyis finished [PR #27205](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/27205)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wait before stop listening to the abort signal until after the response stream has been drained to allow for aborting large responses [PR #27205](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/27205)
```
